fix: rewrite LPVS documentation and add Javadoc comments to controller (#167)
Samsung/LPVS: README.md

With these features, LPVS assists developers in effectively managing license compliance for their open-source projects. By integrating with license scanning tools, supporting the GitHub review system, and providing comprehensive issue descriptions, LPVS offers a robust solution for identifying and addressing license-related risks in the software development lifecycle.

---

## Quick Start

### 1. Setting up your project to interact with _LPVS_

To enable _LPVS_ license scanning for your project, you need to set up GitHub Webhooks:

1. Create a personal access token (`github.token`):
   - Follow the instructions [here](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-fine-grained-personal-access-token) to create a personal access token with the necessary permissions.

2. Configure the webhook in your GitHub repository settings:
   - Go to `Settings` -> `Webhooks`.
   - Click on `Add webhook`.
   - Fill in the `Payload URL` with: `http://<IP where LPVS is running>:7896/webhooks`.
     > If you're using ngrok, the `Payload URL` should be like `https://50be-62-205-136-206.ngrok-free.app/webhooks`.

>      - Install ngrok from [here](https://dashboard.ngrok.com/get-started) (follow steps 1 and 2).

Reviewer: Your link requires the login, so I suggest the other link.

```suggestion
     - Install ngrok from [here](https://ngrok.com/docs/getting-started/#step-2-install-the-ngrok-agent) (follow steps 1 and 2).
```
